We're almost a family
Dear, are you tired?
I'll give you a rub.
Hahaha Paris
The Chen family in the imperial capital has given you a great opportunity this time
As long as you can avenge my cousin and their mother and son
All properties of the Chen family in Nanchang
I'll leave it to you to take care of
Hahaha
Shiqiang
When you chased me
The Chen family disagrees
Say you and I are too different
But I don't care
But if you dare to betray me
Cheating on me
You know my temper
Hahahaha
Haha, dear.
I only have you in my heart
How could there be anyone else?
The thing about my family
Wrap it up on me
You keep your word
Don't be a fart again
Madam, I am for your Fang family
Always at any cost
You are less duplicitous to me
How could my two-meter-deep boy lie to you?
Wrap it up on me
true or false?
Of course!
I can't lie to you if I lie to anyone.
You can still lie to my little baby
Ok, I'll wait for you at home.